you and your mom doing today don't tell
her about something yet we're thinking
of surprising a mom with something what
would something your mom would really
love it is Mother's Day weekend and we
are in California our moms are thousands
of miles away today
we're still want to celebrate Mother's
Day with a stranger's mom we're joined
today by our hey I'm here okay who has
an amazing YouTube channel that we're
gonna link below makes all sorts of
positive feel-good videos so yeah go
check out his Facebook page he makes
awesome videos and we'll leave the link
in the description
all right let's let's good planning
we're thinking of surprising a mom with
something
we have a friend around here who has a
mom that lives around here
a mother surprise with gifts oh yeah
yeah that's actually pretty awesome I am
in love with her cause like I was
homeless I was living under a bridge in
this lady we had like the smallest
connection possible to it like a family
friend from Mexico they went to this
elementary school together they just
called her up and they hadn't talked to
her in years but the air friends on
Facebook and bam I'm living it for like
a year for appreciation for her yeah but
about Paige what do you guys need her
for her brother's there she could be
like oh she took you
yeah so she about figure oh my god she's
like do you think the wisest most loving
person yeah you lately Sally well I'm
gonna help you help me out so much for
giving me so much wisdom and talking so
much here we go here we have it people
okay so we gotta come up with like three
good specific gifts for her oh my god
I'm gonna love doing this yes just for a
minute will you just stop by we want to
give we're going to Whole Foods pick up
the first batch of gifts for Roberto's
surrogate mom so what are we getting for
Angie but we were to show more effort if
we actually made something ourselves put
something together let's go chocolates
wine flowers she drank it although she
drinks wine I would say 250 she's gonna
be there right now she would it Wow some
admits she's gonna be there so she'll be
back let's we'll pack this in the car as
we're going there how many minutes left
we left him like negative two
oh my god no bombs please no bumps well
sing happy mother's day person all
coming up see her just boy
[Music]
yes
all right
[Music]
if you're the exact opposite of okay so
I'm getting these gifts for this great
mentor of mine her name is also Harry
unless we got her some beer that she
really likes a nice flower cuz she
gardens and then some of these candles
she's coming
thank asking for somebody up to a prom
[Music]
so you are like when I first came here
you helped me and talked to me
yeah gave me some great advice and a
moral compass and I know you love beer
surgery but succulents and cans yeah
thank you so much our biological moms
are like yeah so we thought we would do
something with the moms
[Laughter]
she's awesome I love ya two out of two
nice work here and now we're gonna go
for shantae our friend Shantae is cousin
we're gonna surprise her mom that's the
next step yo shop is going super well
here at Whole Foods we're getting all
the fees that we need just arrived
outside the house we got the flowers you
got some wide the chocolate some music
[Music]
[Applause]
he'll help us out with that
[Music]
my god mission accomplished
awesome
[Music]
Perry texted me and she said I'm still
choking up every time a co-op coworker
inquires about my delicious basket of
goodies and I tell the story of
receiving my first Mother's Day present
ever you and your friends made my day my
week my month with her thoughtfulness
I'm so happy to be your local mama and
hope the role comes with some fun duties
[Music]